[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114266)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-platform-multi-tenancy.adoc

[id="security-platform-multi-tenancy_{context}"]
= Isolating containers with multitenancy

[role="_abstract"]

> Multitenancy allows applications on an {product-title} cluster that are owned by multiple users, and run across multiple hosts and namespaces, to remain isolated from each other and from outside attacks. You obtain multitenancy by applying role-based access control (RBAC) to Kubernetes namespaces.

Reviewer: Too long after the {product-title} is rendered.

```suggestion
You can configure multitenancy to allow applications on an {product-title} cluster that are owned by multiple users, and run across multiple hosts and namespaces, to remain isolated from each other and from outside attacks. 

You obtain multitenancy by applying role-based access control (RBAC) to Kubernetes namespaces.
```
